README.md, before:

# Frontend Masters XState Workshop

Welcome to the [Frontend Masters](https://frontendmasters.com/) workshop on **JavaScript State Machines and Statecharts with XState**. In this workshop, you will:

- Learn fundamental computer science principles
- Represent complex logic clearly
- Prevent impossible states and detect edge-cases
- Identify and eliminate edge cases
- Visualize your logic as state machine diagrams

## Getting Started

To run this workshop:

- Clone this repo
- In the repo's directory, run `npm install`
- Run `npm start`. You should see this:

```bash
Server running at http://localhost:1234
```

- Navigate to [http://localhost:1234/00/index.html](http://localhost:1234/00/index.html).

## Exercises

Exercises are separated by directory. The first lesson is at [`01/index.js`](./01/index.js). Each directory will contain a `README.md` describing the goal of the exercise, as well as tips and comments in the `index.js` file.

If you get lost, refer to the `index.final.js` file in each directory.

To navigate to a rendered exercise in the browser, change the directory in the URL (`http://localhost:1234/[dir]/index.html`). The first lesson is located at [http://localhost:1234/00/index.html](http://localhost:1234/01/index.html).

- Welcome (📝): [📄 Readme](./00/README.md) | [🔗 Link](http://localhost:1234/00/index.html)
- Exercise 01: [📄 Readme](./01/README.md) | [🔗 Link](http://localhost:1234/01/index.html)
- Exercise 02: [📄 Readme](./02/README.md) | [🔗 Link](http://localhost:1234/02/index.html)
- Exercise 03: [📄 Readme](./03/README.md) | [🔗 Link](http://localhost:1234/03/index.html)
- Exercise 04: [📄 Readme](./04/README.md) | [🔗 Link](http://localhost:1234/04/index.html)
- Exercise 05: [📄 Readme](./05/README.md) | [🔗 Link](http://localhost:1234/05/index.html)
- Exercise 06: [📄 Readme](./06/README.md) | [🔗 Link](http://localhost:1234/06/index.html)
- Exercise 07: [📄 Readme](./07/README.md) | [🔗 Link](http://localhost:1234/07/index.html)
- Exercise 08: [📄 Readme](./08/README.md) | [🔗 Link](http://localhost:1234/08/index.html)
- Exercise 09: [📄 Readme](./09/README.md) | [🔗 Link](http://localhost:1234/09/index.html)
- Exercise 10: [📄 Readme](./10/README.md) | [🔗 Link](http://localhost:1234/10/index.html)

Commit message:

Add instruction to install parcel

README.md, after:

# Frontend Masters XState Workshop

Welcome to the [Frontend Masters](https://frontendmasters.com/) workshop on **JavaScript State Machines and Statecharts with XState**. In this workshop, you will:

- Learn fundamental computer science principles
- Represent complex logic clearly
- Prevent impossible states and detect edge-cases
- Identify and eliminate edge cases
- Visualize your logic as state machine diagrams

## Getting Started

To run this workshop:

- Clone this repo
- You need to have `parcel` installed. To do this, run `npm install -g parcel-bundler`.
- In the repo's directory, run `npm install`
- Run `npm start`. You should see this:

```bash
Server running at http://localhost:1234
```

- Navigate to [http://localhost:1234/00/index.html](http://localhost:1234/00/index.html).

## Exercises

Exercises are separated by directory. The first lesson is at [`01/index.js`](./01/index.js). Each directory will contain a `README.md` describing the goal of the exercise, as well as tips and comments in the `index.js` file.

If you get lost, refer to the `index.final.js` file in each directory.

To navigate to a rendered exercise in the browser, change the directory in the URL (`http://localhost:1234/[dir]/index.html`). The first lesson is located at [http://localhost:1234/00/index.html](http://localhost:1234/01/index.html).

- Welcome (📝): [📄 Readme](./00/README.md) | [🔗 Link](http://localhost:1234/00/index.html)
- Exercise 01: [📄 Readme](./01/README.md) | [🔗 Link](http://localhost:1234/01/index.html)
- Exercise 02: [📄 Readme](./02/README.md) | [🔗 Link](http://localhost:1234/02/index.html)
- Exercise 03: [📄 Readme](./03/README.md) | [🔗 Link](http://localhost:1234/03/index.html)
- Exercise 04: [📄 Readme](./04/README.md) | [🔗 Link](http://localhost:1234/04/index.html)
- Exercise 05: [📄 Readme](./05/README.md) | [🔗 Link](http://localhost:1234/05/index.html)
- Exercise 06: [📄 Readme](./06/README.md) | [🔗 Link](http://localhost:1234/06/index.html)
- Exercise 07: [📄 Readme](./07/README.md) | [🔗 Link](http://localhost:1234/07/index.html)
- Exercise 08: [📄 Readme](./08/README.md) | [🔗 Link](http://localhost:1234/08/index.html)
- Exercise 09: [📄 Readme](./09/README.md) | [🔗 Link](http://localhost:1234/09/index.html)
- Exercise 10: [📄 Readme](./10/README.md) | [🔗 Link](http://localhost:1234/10/index.html)
